blog: add may monthly report (#1798)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2024/05/31/monthly-report.md

---
title: "Monthly Report (May 01 - May 31)"
keywords: ["Apache APISIX", "API Gateway", "Monthly Report", "Contributor"]
description: Our monthly Apache APISIX community report generates insights into the project's monthly developments. The reports provide a pathway into the Apache APISIX community, ensuring that you stay well-informed and actively involved.
tags: [Community]
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2024/05/31/cYKGTnFs_may-cover-en.png
---

> We have recently made some additions and improvements to specific features within Apache APISIX. These include supporting hcv namespace in HashiCorp Vault, and allowing setting headers in introspection request. For detailed information, please read the monthly report.
<!--truncate-->
## Introduction

From its inception, the Apache APISIX project has embraced the ethos of open-source community collaboration, propelling it into the ranks of the most active global open-source API gateway projects. The proverbial wisdom of 'teamwork makes the dream work' rings true in our way and is made possible by the collective effort of our community.

> From 05.01 to 05.31, a total of 7 contributors made 9 commits to Apache APISIX. We sincerely appreciate your contributions to Apache APISIX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From May 1 to May 31, a total of 7 contributors made 9 commits to Apache APISIX. We sincerely appreciate your contributions to Apache APISIX.
```
